cma-cli-enh (#4851)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/getting-started/how-to-guides/cma/cma.md

### Connection direction

Depending on the case, either the agent or the poller initiates the connection.
> Please note that the two connection modes described below only apply to establishing the connection.

> > Once the connection is established, the behavior of the agent (scheduling checks, reporting information) and the collector (alerts, configuration sending) are strictly identical, and the connection is bidirectional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Once the connection is established, the behavior of the agent (scheduling checks, reporting information) and the collector (alerts, configuration sending) is strictly identical in both cases, and the connection is bidirectional.
```
